# Parenting

Because the character is a rigidbody, it cannot use the parenting mechanic of the Entities package's [transform system](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.entities@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/transforms-concepts.html) to make a character entity a child of another. Instead, it comes with its own parenting mechanism.

By default, the standard characters use this parenting mechanism internally to handle standing on moving platforms. The [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.Update_MovingPlatformDetection`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.Update_MovingPlatformDetection*) update step of your character determines if the `GroundHit` is a valid candidate for a moving platform, and if so, it calls [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody*) in order to assign this hit entity as the character's parent. This is what makes the character move along with the moving platform.

If you want to manually control character parenting, you should first remove the call to [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.Update_MovingPlatformDetection`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.Update_MovingPlatformDetection*) from your character update so that this doesn't interfere with your own parenting code. Then, you must call [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody*) on every frame where the character should be parented to another entity. The reason why it must be called every frame is because when the character moves relatively to its parent, it must update its local position and rotation relatively to its parent. To remove the parent, simply call [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody*) again, but with `Entity.Null` as the `parentEntity` and `default` as the `anchorPointLocalParentSpace`. Once a parent has been unset in this way, it is not necessary to keep calling [`KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody`](xref:Unity.CharacterController.KinematicCharacterUtilities.SetOrUpdateParentBody*) every frame, because there is no local position and rotation to update.