---
uid: create-pmc-attributes
---

# Create Play Mode Controls attributes

Configure account attributes using Play Mode Controls to test in-game workflows before deploying to a device.

You can create and configure attributes as part of the Play Mode Controls window to test any workflows in your game that rely on platform account attributes. These attributes are customizable and you can apply them to each test user account.

You can give each attribute a unique name, and assign a type from the following list:

* `System.String`
* `System.Int32`
* `System.Int64`
* `UnityEngine.Texture2D`

When you create an attribute, placeholder content is autogenerated per user depending on the type of attribute created. The placeholder can be overridden with custom values for each user to test different scenarios.

For more information on platform account attributes, refer to [Get started with attributes](xref:get-started-with-attributes).

## Create a Play Mode Controls attribute

To create a Play Mode Controls attribute, use the following steps:

1. In the main menu, go to **Window** > **Platform Toolkit** > **Play Mode Controls**.
2. Select the **Test Account Data** tab.
3. In the **Attributes** section, use the **Add** (**+**) button to create a new attribute.
4. In the **Type** column, select the type of attribute you want to create.
5. In the **Name** column, give the attribute a unique name.

Each attribute appears in the **Accounts** section for each test user account.

## Configure Play Mode Controls attributes

When creating a Play Mode Controls attribute, placeholder content is autogenerated per user depending on the type of attribute created. You can configure each test account to have unique values for each attribute if required using the following steps:

1. From the **Play Mode Controls** window, in the **Test Account Data** tab, locate the test user account you wish to update.
2. In the **Attribute Values** section, update the placeholder values with the per-user values you want to return. If the attribute is a Texture2D type, use the picker (⊙) to select a new asset.

## Accessing Play Mode Controls attributes

To retrieve attribute values, use the [GetAttribute](xref:Unity.PlatformToolkit.IAccount.GetAttribute``1(System.String)) method when interacting with an account.

For more information, refer to [Use attributes in your project](xref:get-started-with-attributes#use-attributes-in-your-project).

## Additional resources

* [Get started with attributes](xref:get-started-with-attributes)
* [Play Mode Controls window reference](play-mode-controls-settings-reference.md)